1) Explain what AWS is?
AWS stands for Amazon Web Service; it is a collection of remote computing services also known as a cloud computing platform.  This new realm of cloud computing is also known as IaaS or Infrastructure as a Service.
2) Mention what the key components of AWS are?
The key components of AWS are
Route 53:A DNS web service
Simple E-mail Service:It allows sending e-mail using RESTFUL API call or via regular SMTP
Identity and Access Management:It provides enhanced security and identity management for your AWS account
Simple Storage Device or (S3):It is a storage device and the most widely used AWS service
Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2): It provides on-demand computing resources for hosting applications. It is handy in case of unpredictable workloads
Elastic Block Store (EBS):It offers persistent storage volumes that attach to EC2 to allow you to persist data past the lifespan of a single Amazon EC2 instance
CloudWatch: To monitor AWS resources, It allows administrators to view and collect key Also, one can set a notification alarm in case of trouble.


 How can you send a request to Amazon S3?
Amazon S3 is a REST service, and you can send a request by using the REST API or the AWS SDK wrapper libraries that wrap the underlying Amazon S3 REST API.
It has a REST interface and uses secure HMAC-SHA1 authentication keys

How many buckets can you create in AWS by default?
By default, you can create up to 100 buckets in each of your AWS accounts.


T2 instances are designed to provide moderate baseline performance and the capability to burst to higher performance as required by the workload.

Representational state transfer


REST determines how the API looks like. It stands for “Representational State Transfer”. It is a set of rules that developers follow when they create their API. 
One of these rules states that you should be able to get a piece of data (called a resource) when you link to a specific URL.

Each URL is called a request while the data sent back to you is called a response.
The endpoint
The method
The headers
The data (or body)




This request is used to get a resource from a server. If you perform a `GET` request,
 the server looks for the data you requested and sends it back to you. In other words, 
a `GET` request performs a `READ` operation. This is the default request method





what is s3

Amazon S3 (Simple Storage Service) is a simple web service interface that allows huge amount of data storage 
sand retrival from anywhere from the internet.Its provides developers highly scalable, reliable, fast and low cost data storage infrastructure.



























This request is used to create a new resource on a server. If you perform a `POST` request,
the server creates a new entry in the database and tells you 
whether the creation is successful. In other words, a `POST` request performs an `CREATE` operation.
curl -X POST <URL> -d property1=value1/ send the data

These two requests are used to update a resource on a server. If you perform a `PUT` or `PATCH` request, the server updates an 
entry in the database and tells you whether the update is successful. In other words, a `PUT` or `PATCH` request performs an `UPDATE` operation.










